IMAGES WRITTEN: 25
DIMENSIONS: 1024x512
PIXELS USED: 398080/524288
TIME: 300ms
-------------
minecraft:stone                                                  16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/stone.png
minecraft:tnt_bottom                                             16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/tnt/bottom.png
minecraft:tnt_side                                               16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/tnt/side.png
minecraft:pumpkin_top                                            16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/pumpkin/top.png
minecraft:grass_side_overlay                                     16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/grass/side_overlay.png
minecraft:faces_zmi                                              256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/faces/zmi.png
minecraft:faces_ypl                                              256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/faces/ypl.png
minecraft:faces_xpl                                              256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/faces/xpl.png
minecraft:bedrock                                                16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/bedrock.png
minecraft:pumpkin_face_on                                        16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/pumpkin/face_on.png
minecraft:brick                                                  16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/brick.png
minecraft:grass_top                                              16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/grass/top.png
minecraft:tnt_top                                                16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/tnt/top.png
minecraft:faces_zpl                                              256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/faces/zpl.png
minecraft:air                                                    16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/air.png
minecraft:grass_side                                             16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/grass/side.png
minecraft:sand                                                   16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/sand.png
minecraft:gravel                                                 16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/gravel.png
minecraft:faces_ymi                                              256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/faces/ymi.png
minecraft:faces_xmi                                              256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/faces/xmi.png
minecraft:planks_oak                                             16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/planks_oak.png
minecraft:pumpkin_side                                           16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/pumpkin/side.png
minecraft:pumpkin_face_off                                       16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/pumpkin/face_off.png
minecraft:dirt                                                   16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/dirt.png
minecraft:grass_side_snowed                                      16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4-client/build/resources/main/block/grass/side_snowed.png
