-----------------
IMAGES WRITTEN: 26
PIXELS AVAILABLE: 1048576
PIXELS USED: 604360
-----------------
minecraft:block_preview_20379                                    470x300   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/preview_20379.png
minecraft:block_faces_xmi                                        256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/faces/xmi.png
minecraft:block_faces_xpl                                        256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/faces/xpl.png
minecraft:block_faces_ymi                                        256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/faces/ymi.png
minecraft:block_faces_ypl                                        256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/faces/ypl.png
minecraft:block_faces_zmi                                        256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/faces/zmi.png
minecraft:block_faces_zpl                                        256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/faces/zpl.png
minecraft:block_none                                             256x256   /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/none.png
minecraft:block_bedrock                                          16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/bedrock.png
minecraft:block_brick                                            16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/brick.png
minecraft:block_dirt                                             16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/dirt.png
minecraft:block_grass_side                                       16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/grass/side.png
minecraft:block_grass_side_overlay                               16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/grass/side_overlay.png
minecraft:block_grass_side_snowed                                16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/grass/side_snowed.png
minecraft:block_grass_top                                        16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/grass/top.png
minecraft:block_gravel                                           16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/gravel.png
minecraft:block_planks_oak                                       16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/planks_oak.png
minecraft:block_pumpkin_face_off                                 16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/pumpkin/face_off.png
minecraft:block_pumpkin_face_on                                  16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/pumpkin/face_on.png
minecraft:block_pumpkin_side                                     16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/pumpkin/side.png
minecraft:block_pumpkin_top                                      16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/pumpkin/top.png
minecraft:block_sand                                             16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/sand.png
minecraft:block_stone                                            16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/stone.png
minecraft:block_tnt_bottom                                       16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/tnt/bottom.png
minecraft:block_tnt_side                                         16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/tnt/side.png
minecraft:block_tnt_top                                          16x16     /Users/jackarmstrong/Documents/FabricProjects/GLMinecraft4/glmc4.client/build/resources/main/block/tnt/top.png
